improve the scanability of the simulator download. (#145)
srobo/docs: competition-simulator/index.md

### Prerequisites

> You need to download and install [Webots simulator](https://cyberbotics.com/#download) (the download is around 1.5GB). This is the platform we run our simulator on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to download and install [Webots](https://cyberbotics.com/#download) (the download is around 1.5GB). This is the platform we run our simulation in.
```
